Bell bowels down niebo Stoops their
Bell bowels down niebo Stoops their idols were on the beasts and on the
idols were on the beasts and on the
idols were on the beasts and on the cattle your carriages were heavily
cattle your carriages were heavily
cattle your carriages were heavily loaded a burden to the weary beasts they
loaded a burden to the weary beasts they
loaded a burden to the weary beasts they stoop they bow down together they could
stoop they bow down together they could
stoop they bow down together they could not deliver the burden but have
not deliver the burden but have
not deliver the burden but have themselves gone into captivity listen to
themselves gone into captivity listen to
themselves gone into captivity listen to me o house of Jacob and all the remnant
me o house of Jacob and all the remnant
me o house of Jacob and all the remnant of the house of Israel who have been
of the house of Israel who have been
of the house of Israel who have been upheld by me from birth who have been
upheld by me from birth who have been
upheld by me from birth who have been carried from the womb even to your old
carried from the womb even to your old
carried from the womb even to your old age I am he and even to gray hairs I
age I am he and even to gray hairs I
age I am he and even to gray hairs I will carry you I have made and I will
will carry you I have made and I will
will carry you I have made and I will bear even I will carry and will deliver
bear even I will carry and will deliver
bear even I will carry and will deliver you to whom will you liken me and make
you to whom will you liken me and make
you to whom will you liken me and make me equal and compare me that we should
me equal and compare me that we should
me equal and compare me that we should be alike they lavish gold out of the bag
be alike they lavish gold out of the bag
be alike they lavish gold out of the bag and weigh silver on the scales they hire
and weigh silver on the scales they hire
and weigh silver on the scales they hire a goldsmith and he makes it a god they
a goldsmith and he makes it a god they
a goldsmith and he makes it a god they prostrate themselves yes they worship
prostrate themselves yes they worship
prostrate themselves yes they worship they bear it on the shoulder they carry
they bear it on the shoulder they carry
they bear it on the shoulder they carry it and set it in its place and it stands
it and set it in its place and it stands
it and set it in its place and it stands from its place it shall not move though
from its place it shall not move though
from its place it shall not move though one cries out to it yet it cannot answer
one cries out to it yet it cannot answer
one cries out to it yet it cannot answer nor save him out of his trouble remember
nor save him out of his trouble remember
nor save him out of his trouble remember this and show yourselves men
this and show yourselves men
this and show yourselves men recall to mind oh you transgressors
recall to mind oh you transgressors
recall to mind oh you transgressors remember the former things of old for I
remember the former things of old for I
remember the former things of old for I am God and there is no other I am God
am God and there is no other I am God
am God and there is no other I am God and there is none like me declaring the
and there is none like me declaring the
and there is none like me declaring the end from the beginning and from ancient
end from the beginning and from ancient
end from the beginning and from ancient times things that are not yet done
times things that are not yet done
times things that are not yet done saying my counsel shall stand and I will
saying my counsel shall stand and I will
saying my counsel shall stand and I will do all my pleasure calling a bird of
do all my pleasure calling a bird of
do all my pleasure calling a bird of prey from the east
prey from the east
prey from the east the man who executes my counsel from a
the man who executes my counsel from a
the man who executes my counsel from a far country indeed I have spoken it I
far country indeed I have spoken it I
far country indeed I have spoken it I will also bring it to pass
will also bring it to pass
will also bring it to pass I have purposed it I will also do it
I have purposed it I will also do it
I have purposed it I will also do it listen to me
listen to me
listen to me you stubborn hearted who are far from
you stubborn hearted who are far from
you stubborn hearted who are far from righteousness I bring my righteousness
righteousness I bring my righteousness
righteousness I bring my righteousness near it shall not be far off my
near it shall not be far off my
near it shall not be far off my salvation shall not linger and I will
salvation shall not linger and I will
salvation shall not linger and I will place salvation in Zion for Israel my
place salvation in Zion for Israel my
place salvation in Zion for Israel my glory